=head1 NAME

macdir_init - the initialization file for MacDir scripts

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The configuration file used by the MacDir scripts is a simple PHP
script file that defines variables that override the defaults.  The
configuration file is /etc/macdir/config.php.

=head1 CONFIGURATION VARIABLES

=over 4

=item attr_appt

The name for attributes that define applications.  This attribute is
depreciated in favor or privilege group attributes and posixGroups.
The default is 'prideApplication'.

=item attr_comment

The name for a comment attribute.  The default is 'comments'.

=item attr_cred

Then name for an attribute that holds a secret.  If the attribute values
are encrypted using the key_file configuration property.  The default
is 'prideCredential'.

=item attr_krb

The name for the attribute that holds a Kerberos principal.  The default
is 'krb5PrincipalName'.

=item attr_link_visibility

The name for the attribute that holds a visibility setting for the attr_cred
attribute.  The default is 'prideUrlPrivate'.

=item attr_link_read

The name for the attributes that hold the UID that has read access to a
personal link entry.  The default is 'prideReadUID'.

=item attr_link_uid

The name for the attribute that holds the unique identifier for a
personal link entry.  The default is 'linkuid'.

=item attr_link_url

The name for the attribute that holds a URL for a personal link entry.
The default value is 'prideUrl'.

=item attr_link_write

The name for the attribute that holds the UID that has write access to a
personal link entry.  The default is 'prideWriteUID'.

=item attr_mailalias

The name for the attribute that holds email addresses.  The default is
'mailAlias'.

=item attr_maildelivery

The name for the attribute that holds email addresses.  The default is
'mailDelivery'.

=item imap_host

The host name of a Cyrus IMAP server.  The IMAP support has not been
tested in recent builds and is probably suffering from bit rot.

=item imap_mgr_pass

The password for the imap_mgr_usr Cyrus user.

=item imap_mgr_usr

The name of a Cyrus user that has admin access to the server.

=item k5start

The command line that creates a Kerberos ticket cache.  The default is
'/usr/bin/k5start -f /etc/keytab/macdir.keytab -U'.

=item key_file

The file name that holds the key that is used to encrypt personal link
credentials.  The default is '/etc/macdir/linkkey.txt'.

=item key_prefix

The prefix that is used to identify personal link credentials as encyrpted.
The default is 'PREFIX:'.

=item krb_realm

The Kerberos realm.  The default is 'CA-ZEPHYR.ORG'.

=item ldap_app_base

The base distinguised name for application entries in the directory.
The default is 'ou=application,<ldap_base>'.

=item ldap_base

The base distinguised name for the directory.  The default is
'dc=example,dc=com'.

=item ldap_group_base

The base distinguished name for posix group entries in the directory.
The default is 'ou=groups,<ldap_base>'.

=item ldap_uidnumber_base

The base number to start a search to find and unused uidnumber when
generating a uidnumber.  The default is 4000.

=item ldap_user_base

The base distinguished name for user entries in the directory.  The
default is 'ou=people,<ldap_base>'.

=item ldap_server

The DNS name of the ldap server.  The default is 'localhost'.

=item ldap_title

A descriptive name for the directory.  The default is 'LDAP Directory'.

=item mail_domain

This is part of the Cyrus IMAP support.

=item mailbox_domain

This is part of the Cyrus IMAP support.

=item maint_address

A boolean that controls whether the user maintenance script 
manages the user's address.  The default is 1.

=item maint_app_groups

A boolean that controls whether the user maintenance script manages a
user's application group membership.  The default is 0.

=item maint_cell

A boolean that controls wheter the user maintenance script manages a
user's cell phone number.  The default is 0.

=item maint_comments

A boolean that controls wheter the user maintenance script manages a
user entire's comments.  The default is 1.

=item maint_fax

A boolean that controls wheter the user maintenance script manages a
user's fax number.  The default is 0.

=item maint_linux

A boolean that controls wheter the user maintenance script manages a
user's posix account attributes.  The default is 1.

=item maint_mail_acct

A boolean that controls wheter the user maintenance script manages a
user's Cyrus IMAP Account.  The default is 0.

=item maint_mail_addr

A boolean that controls wheter the user maintenance script manages a
user's email address.  This includes the mail addresss, mail aliases,
and delivery address.  The default is 1.

=item maint_nickname

A boolean that controls wheter the user maintenance script manages a
user's nicknames.  The default is 0.

=item maint_pager

A boolean that controls wheter the user maintenance script manages a
user's pager number.  The default is 0.

=item maint_phone

A boolean that controls wheter the user maintenance script manages a
user's telephone number.  The default is 1.

=item maint_title

A boolean that controls wheter the user maintenance script manages a
user's title.  The default is 0.

=item maint_workphone

A boolean that controls wheter the user maintenance script manages a
user's work telephone number.  The default is 0.

=item manager_mailbox

A RFC822 address.  Email is sent to this address for all updates.  The
default is 'bill@ca-zephyr.org'.

=item oc_app

The name of the objectclass for application entries.  The default is
'prideApplication'.

=item oc_link

The name of the objectclass for personal link entries.  The default is
'prideListObject'.

=item oc_person

The name of the objectclass for person entries.  The default is
'pridePerson'.

=item oc_krb

The name of the objectclass for entries that hold Kerberos principals.  The
default is 'krb5Principal'.

=back

=head1 AUTHORS

Bill MacAllister <bill@ca-zephyr.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright 2019-2021 Bill MacAllister <bill@ca-zephyr.org>.

This program is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.
